1: the job.
2: Glad to see things are going well and business is starting to pick up.
3: Andrea told me about your outstanding numbers on Tuesday.
4: Keep up the good work.
5: Now to other business.
6: I am gonna suggest a payment schedule
7: for the outstanding monies that is due.
8: One, can you pay the balance of the license agreement as soon as possible?
9: Two, I suggest we set up or you suggest which you can pay on the back royalties
10: what do you feel comfortable with paying every two weeks every month I would like to keep I would like to catch up
11: and maintain current royalties so if we can start current royalties and maintain them every two weeks as all stores are required to do I would appreciate it let me know if this works for you
12: Thanks.